Add MCP Server Quickstart (#1179)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: astro/src/content/docs/identityserver/samples/mcp-server.mdx

---
title: "MCP Server and Client"

> description: "Sample demonstrating a complete implementation of a console  client making requests to an MCP Server using DCR to authenticate with IdentityServer."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "AI and MCP Server and Client"
description: "Samples demonstrating how IdentityServer fits in an AI architecture, including as the authorization server for MCP."
```

Reframing it a bit more open for future samples.

date: 2026-08-07
sidebar:
    order: 70
---

import {LinkCard} from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

> This section contains a sample demonstrating the Duende IdentityServer [Dynamic Client Registration](/identityserver/usermanagement/configuration/dcr.mdx) feature to allow an [MCP](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/2026-07-28/getting-started/intro) server to dynamically connect clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains samples on how to protect an MCP server with Duende IdentityServer. It uses [Dynamic Client Registration](/identityserver/configuration/dcr.mdx) so any MCP-compatible client can connect without pre-configuration."
```
